Tornado: American Red Cross 4+

Description

**One of CNN's 7 apps to help survive a tornado**

Get your family and home ready for a tornado. The American Red Cross tornado app is the complete solution you need to understand and prepare for a tornado and all that comes with it. With interactive quizzes and simple step-by-step advice it’s never been easier to be ready!

Ahora disponible en español.

Features:
• Free and available in English and Spanish 
• Audible siren when NOAA issues a Tornado warning for any of your monitored locations letting you know when it’s time to go to your safe room plus an all-clear alert when the warning expires (Note: Alerts' sounds will NOT override if phone is on vibrate or in sleep mode)
• Customizable alerting and push notification options.
• Easy to view alert feed with the ability to remove alerts.
• Simple step-by-step instructions to help you know what-to-do even if the cell towers and TVs are down. 
• Prioritized actions for before, during, and after requires no mobile connectivity
• Help distant friends and family in tornado alley with ability to receive tornado watch and warning alerts based on their location from NOAA
• Map with open Red Cross shelters and other weather-related layers.
• Be ready should a tornado hit by learning how to assemble an emergency kit for your family in the event of power outage or evacuation
• Reduce your household’s stress and anxiety should a tornado hit by learning to make and practice an emergency plan
• Interactive quizzes allow you to earn badges that you can share with your friends and show off your tornado knowledge
• Know the difference between a watch and a warning
• Learn how to deal with food and water impacted by floods and power outages
• Simply let friends/family know you’re safe with customizable “I’m Safe” notification sharable thru social media, text and email
• Let others know where you are with the Toolkit’s strobe light, flashlight and audible alert functions

===

PRIVACY POLICY

Our Commitment to Privacy
The American Red Cross respects the privacy of every visitor to our websites and every user of our mobile apps. Your privacy is a priority, and we go to great lengths to protect it. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use information about our online visitors. We know you care about your information and we want you to be fully informed about our practices.

This Policy may be changed or updated from time to time. By visiting the Red Cross at one of our websites or using one of our mobile apps, you accept the practices described in this Policy.

See privacy information for financial and in-kind donors.

The Data We Collect

Our websites and mobile apps provide convenient ways for you to access our services and learn about important Red Cross opportunities and events. We collect information about our online visitors both directly from our visitors and indirectly from other companies that provide data to us. We use this information to communicate with our supporters and clients and process their transactions. We do not sell it to other organizations.

When you use our websites or apps to make a financial contribution, register for a class or special event, sign up to volunteer, apply for a job, or make a blood donation appointment, we may ask you for your name, address, phone number(s), and other information relevant to the transaction. We will ask for standard credit card information when you make a financial donation, pay for a class, or make a purchase.

We obtain information about our online visitors from other sources as well. For example, we engage vendors that provide contact information and other data. We use this data to help us engage with people who may be interested in participating in Red Cross activities or contributing to the Red Cross mission.

We also collect non-personal information about our online visitors using “cookies”, pixels, web beacons, and other technologies that operate automatically when you visit our website. We use this information to give our website visitors a more relevant online experience and to help us make website improvements. The information helps us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our online visitors are going, and how long they spend there. If you do not want us to collect information using cookies, you can disable this function in your browser. If you block cookies from us, however, you may not be able to see personalized content and our website may not function optimally.

How We Secure Data

We use a variety of security measures to protect your data. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of personally identifiable information.

We protect the security of credit card transactions using a number of measures such as encryption, access controls, network firewalls, and physical security. These measures make it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept the credit card information you send to us. When we work with other companies to process credit card transactions, those companies also use encryption and other appropriate security measures.

No website or electronic data can ever be completely secure, but we are always working to maintain up-to-date and appropriate security mechanisms.

How We Use Your Information

If you provide the Red Cross with personal information when you visit our websites or use our mobile apps, we may use the information in our programs and activities. We may enter your information into one of our databases so we can contact you to obtain your input, provide information about our programs and events, request donations, or provide a more personalized online experience.

The Red Cross does not sell, trade, or share our donors’ personally identifiable information with any other entity, except as described below. We do not send mailings to our donors on behalf of other organizations unless the donor has given us specific permission to do so.

On occasion, the Red Cross may share your information with our vendors and other partners that help us with our activities and programs. For example, we share information with vendors that help us fulfill orders, manage data, and process donations and credit card payments. These vendors are bound by strict confidentiality rules and are permitted to use the information only to support Red Cross operations. We also disclose information as required by law.

We Care About Doing it Right

The Red Cross is committed to accuracy and precision in processing your information. We have procedures to check for errors, and our systems are periodically audited to make sure we process your information securely and accurately.

If you need to contact us to review your information or make corrections, please use this form.

Note to Parents About Our Privacy Policy
The Red Cross has a variety of programs for children. We hope that children and parents will visit our websites and use our mobile apps together, so they can jointly learn about the Red Cross and opportunities for children to participate. The Red Cross does not intentionally collect personal information from people under age 13.

Contact Us About Privacy

To let us know how you would like us to contact you, or to opt-out of receiving phone calls, e-mails, texts or mail from the Red Cross, go to the following links:

Financial Donors
Blood Donors
Others
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may send us an email at PrivacyOfficer@redcross.org or write to:

American Red Cross
Office of the General Counsel
431 18th Street NW
Washington D.C. 20006
Attention: Privacy Officer


Revised September 2016